# GF2
Program “GF2.java” to implement the second type of finite field GF(pn) where p is a prime number and n is a positive integer, and four operations “+”, “-”, “*”, and “/”, respectively.  Specifically, program will read parameters and polynomials from a file named “input.txt” and then creates a file named “output.txt” by writing the results to “output.txt”.   In “input.txt”:  1. First line is the prime number p.  2. Second line is the degree n of the irreducible polynomial m(x) over Zp, which can be any positive integer.  3. Third line is the coefficients of m(x), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.  4. Fourth line is the degree u of f(x) over Zp, where u can be any integer satisfying 0 &lt;= u &lt; n.  5. Fifth line is the coefficients of f(x), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.  6. Sixth line is the degree v of g(x) over Zp, where v can be any integer satisfying 0 &lt;= v &lt; n.  7. Seventh line is the coefficients of g(x), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.   In “output.txt”:  1. First line is the coefficients of f(x) + g(x) in GF(pn), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.  2. Second line is the coefficients of f(x) - g(x) in GF(pn), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.  3. Third line is the coefficients of f(x) * g(x) in GF(pn), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space.  4. Fourth line is the coefficients of f(x) / g(x) in GF(pn), from the leading coefficient to the constant term, separated by one blank space
